Create short welcome description of Libra and these products (#1)
Libra-foundation/.github: profile/README.md

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/puff.svg" alt="Pending on logo" height="150"/>
    <h1>
        Welcome in Libra foundation GitHub organization
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" alt="Hi hand" width="30px"/>
    </h1>
</div>

<p>
    This organization contains all repositories offered by the Libra foundation a branch of E-constellatio company. 
</p>
<h2 align="center">
    What is Libra ?
</h2>
<p>

>     Libra is a branch of E-constellatio company. Libra offers abundant free numerical solutions like softwares, websites, servers, templates, etc.

Reviewer: Not sure if `informatic` is the right word, but one thing is sure : `numerical` wasn't ^^. Numerical, belongs to realm of numbers and does not have much to do with computer science, software etc ... 
```suggestion
    Libra is a branch of E-constellatio company. Libra offers abundant free and open source informatic solutions like softwares, websites, servers, templates, etc.
```

</p>
<div align="center">
    <h2>

>         Highlighting products

Reviewer: We sell products, but the goal here is not to sell them. Maybe something like "projects" would better fit in this context.

    </h2>
    <div>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/Collaboratio.svg" alt="Collaboratio" height="50"/>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/ReactTemplate.svg" alt="ReactTemplate" height="50"/>
    </div>
    <h3>Collaboratio</h3>
</div>

> <p>Because we believe in collaboration and its benefits at E-constellatio we created Collaboratio. A pull-together website applied to documentation, diagrams, project management, etc. Take all advantage of its powerful and advanced technologies and cooperate.</p>

Reviewer: No need to be this much corporate, we created it because no current free solution could fulfill our requirements. When I'm checking for open source projects to contributes to, I tend to avoid corporate projects. As we want peoples to help on our projects, putting the emphasis on the open source feel, the free to contribute, free to use, warm and helpful community would be better in my opinion.

<div align="center">
    <h3>React template</h3>
</div>

> <p>React template is a free and advanced template for react projects. Based on `react-scripts`, react template developed by E-constellatio includes more features like advanced ESLint rules, environment variables, pre-commit hooks, and so on.</p>

Reviewer: The feeling I have with our template is that we want this project to help us create more reliable, easier to maintain, more newcomer friendly code. This pass thought hardened rules, to keep the code consistent and help everyone avoid known mistakes, and a set of utility packages that automates most of the annoying work. The features are advenced-ish to set up, but not to use. This distinction is important to attract people that are not really familiar with TS. And also we might want to say this is a TS template :)

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/puff.svg" alt="Pending on logo" height="150"/>
    <h1>
        Welcome in Libra foundation GitHub organization
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" alt="Hi hand" width="30px"/>
    </h1>
</div>

<p>
    This organization contain all repositories offered by the Libra foundation.
</p>
<h2 align="center">
    What is Libra ?
</h2>
<p>
    Libra is a branch of E-constellatio company. Libra offers abundant free and open digital solutions like softwares, websites, servers, template etc.
</p>
<div align="center">
    <h2>
        Highlighting projects
    </h2>
    <div>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/Collaboratio.svg" alt="Collaboratio" height="50"/>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/ReactTemplate.svg" alt="ReactTemplate" height="50"/>
    </div>
    <h3>Collaboratio</h3>
</div>

> <p>Collaboratio is a pull-together website applied to documentations, diagrams, projects management, etc. Collaboratio was created because no free solution fulfill our requirements. Moreover, we think it's a helpful project for many people, and we hope you feel free to contribute to it.</p>

Author: I think `and we hope you feel free to contribute` is better. The `to it` is repetitive and sound weird.

> <p>Collaboratio is a pull-together website applied to documentations, diagrams, projects management, etc. Collaboratio was created because no free solution fulfill our requirements. Moreover, we think it's a helpful project for many people, and we hope you feel free to contribute to it.</p>

Reviewer: I think that a simple `feel free to contribute` would be better. Because the expression  `feel free to <verbe>` is an invitation to do something, adding a `we hope` before an invitation is in my opinion strange.

    <div>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/Collaboratio.svg" alt="Collaboratio" height="50"/>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/ReactTemplate.svg" alt="ReactTemplate" height="50"/>
        <img src="https://github.com/Libra-foundation/.github/tree/main/profile/resources/PythonTemplate.svg" alt="PythonTemplate" height="50"/>
    </div>
    <h3>Collaboratio</h3>
</div>
<p>Collaboratio is a pull-together website applied to documentations, diagrams, projects management, etc. Collaboratio was created because no free solution fulfill our requirements. Moreover, we think it's a helpful project for many people. Feel free to contribute :blush:.</p>
<div align="center">
    <h3>React template</h3>
</div>

> <p>React template is a free, reliable and easy to maintain template for react project. Based on `react-scripts`, we have added hardened rules, to keep the code consistent and help everyone avoids mistakes. An extra set of utility packages that automates most of the annoying work was implemented. This template is particularly useful for newcomer to guide them, they will learn React Typescript with good practices.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>React template is a free, reliable and easy to maintain template for react project. Based on `react-scripts`, we configured a set of utility packages that automates most of the annoying work. To help everyone avoid common mistakes and keep the code nice and tidy, we added hardened rules.  This template is particularly useful for newcomers to guide them through the learning of React Typescript with good practices.</p>
```

<div align="center">
    <h3>Python template</h3>
</div>

> <p>It's always difficult to code properly when you start codding with a permissive language. In the same mind as React template, we created Python template, a free and open template for all python projects. Like its namesake, python template embedded advanced linting rules, automates boring work and so on. Very advantageous to newcomer and profitable for all teamwork, this template fix limits. <br> Moreover, in Python template, you will find a branch dedicated to Django. This branch hold a Django template based on Python template. Django template is very helpful because it's contained standardized logs, connection to OAuth2 server, etc.  </p>

Reviewer: > In the same mind as React template,

That's not English, that literal translation of an idiomatic expression.  
>this template fix limits.

What limits ? 

> Django template is very helpful because it's contained standardized logs, connection to OAuth2 server, etc.

Firstly this template will hold a branch dedicated to Django, it currently does not and is quite far from this ...
Secondly, this kinda sounds like google translated things cobbled together that you could find in a scam. 
I mean : "it's contained" ...

<div align="center">
    <h3>React template</h3>
</div>
<p>React template is a free, reliable and easy to maintain template for react project. Based on `react-scripts`, we configured a set of utility packages that automates most of the annoying work. To help everyone avoid common mistakes and keep the code nice and tidy, we added hardened rules.  This template is particularly useful for newcomers to guide them through the learning of React Typescript with good practices.</p>
<div align="center">
    <h3>Python template</h3>
</div>

> <p>It's always difficult to code properly when you start codding with a permissive language. In the same vein as React template, we created Python template, a free and open template for all python projects. Like its namesake, python template embedded advanced linting rules, automates boring work and so on. Very advantageous, this template set boundaries to working team. <br> Moreover, Python template hold branches for specific Python projects as Django branch. A helpful Django template with standardized logs, connection to OAuth2 server, etc.  </p>

Reviewer: > react-scripts test

I am not sure, I do not exactly understand what you mean here. Could you explain to me ? 

```suggestion
<p>It's always difficult to code properly when you start codding with a permissive language. In the same vein as React template, we created Python template, a free and open template for all python projects. Like its namesake, python template embedded advanced linting rules, automates boring work and so on. Very advantageous, this template set boundaries to working team. <br> Moreover, Python template hold branches for specific Python projects, such as a Django branch. A helpful Django template with standardized logs, connection to OAuth2 server, etc.  </p>
```
